complications.md, before:

# Complications

Over the course of any project, complications arise. Document them here so we can remember things better, and address as time goes on.

## 2019-06-10
- rethink the above. Rather than ginning up specific datasets to match the
find_by_sql, better served by creating completed objects which are instantiated
at beginning of test runs, find_by_sql runs on that test set
- - need to look up how to set up those test sets before running tests. RSpec
should make that easy.

## 2019-02-27
What testing sets of data do we need to make the find_by_sql sections work? We
won't be able to write stock tests until we can answer that particular
question.
- First step should be to identify where we use find_by_sql, then parse out
what data elements are relavant to those queries.

##2019-01-03
### Unit Test difficulties
- previous versions of active record used to have a count_members function,
which doesn't seem to exist any more. Genre and location tests are failing due
to this
- Find ways to gin up some test data for the books etc so we can start real
testing for many of the other custom methods

### Other issues
- Some view/form pages (locations/genres) display nothing or very little, so we
need to figure out what's going on there.

## 2018-07-01
Upon updating mysql to v.8 via homebrew, the db appears to have gone south.
'cannot connect via socket' errors of various kinds when accessing via the CLI.
Ruby cannot compile the mysql2 gem to work with the latest version, either,
from the looks of things.

I've downgraded the system mysql to v.5.7, using the homebrew notation @57, but
that changes paths to various libraries, meaning that stock bundling no longer
is able to find the necessary mysql libs.

Good-ish news is that it does appear that the database is still healthy, 
and latest data appears to be preserved. Several tables (innodb tables) have
been corrupted. However, re-creation of the data should be relatively easy. 
These tables are things like locations, languages, genres, etc.

### Ways forward
- research ways to mysqldump only specific tables from a database, since we are
unable to drop the corrupted innodb tables
- confirm that the mysql2 bindings/gem cannot be built in the current state for
mysql v.8
- Look into possibilities for containerization? Docker container for the mysql
chunk, but then what do we do about data-persistence?
- Discover ways to set mysql_location compile-time variables via Gemfile and
bundler?
- Continue to press forward with upgrades to Rails to get the app beyond
3-series?
- Abandon mysql in favor of other dbms
-- this has the complication that many of the methods, specifically on the Book
model are not database agnostic, so we'll have to investigate what can be done
to do those. Lots of 'find_by_sql'

Commit message:

Update for the complications to list the resolution.

complications.md, after:

# Complications

Over the course of any project, complications arise. Document them here so we can remember things better, and address as time goes on.

## 2019-06-10
- rethink the above. Rather than ginning up specific datasets to match the
find_by_sql, better served by creating completed objects which are instantiated
at beginning of test runs, find_by_sql runs on that test set
- - need to look up how to set up those test sets before running tests. RSpec
should make that easy.

## 2019-02-27
What testing sets of data do we need to make the find_by_sql sections work? We
won't be able to write stock tests until we can answer that particular
question.
- First step should be to identify where we use find_by_sql, then parse out
what data elements are relavant to those queries.

##2019-01-03
### Unit Test difficulties
- previous versions of active record used to have a count_members function,
which doesn't seem to exist any more. Genre and location tests are failing due
to this
- Find ways to gin up some test data for the books etc so we can start real
testing for many of the other custom methods

### Other issues
- Some view/form pages (locations/genres) display nothing or very little, so we
need to figure out what's going on there.

## 2018-07-01
*All below resolved by upgrading beyond Rails 5.0, to allow Mysql2 update beyond v0.4.*
Upon updating mysql to v.8 via homebrew, the db appears to have gone south.
'cannot connect via socket' errors of various kinds when accessing via the CLI.
Ruby cannot compile the mysql2 gem to work with the latest version, either,
from the looks of things.

I've downgraded the system mysql to v.5.7, using the homebrew notation @57, but
that changes paths to various libraries, meaning that stock bundling no longer
is able to find the necessary mysql libs.

Good-ish news is that it does appear that the database is still healthy, 
and latest data appears to be preserved. Several tables (innodb tables) have
been corrupted. However, re-creation of the data should be relatively easy. 
These tables are things like locations, languages, genres, etc.

### Ways forward
- research ways to mysqldump only specific tables from a database, since we are
unable to drop the corrupted innodb tables
- confirm that the mysql2 bindings/gem cannot be built in the current state for
mysql v.8
- Look into possibilities for containerization? Docker container for the mysql
chunk, but then what do we do about data-persistence?
- Discover ways to set mysql_location compile-time variables via Gemfile and
bundler?
- Continue to press forward with upgrades to Rails to get the app beyond
3-series?
- Abandon mysql in favor of other dbms
-- this has the complication that many of the methods, specifically on the Book
model are not database agnostic, so we'll have to investigate what can be done
to do those. Lots of 'find_by_sql'
