README.md, before:

# Bibliophile

## Please note: This is a pet project, hardly ever stable, and may or may not be of any use to anyone other than the creator (and even that is up for debate). 

It's the first app I've done on Rails (starting back at Rails 1.0), it's been redone a few times, each with a different focus. Right now it's Rails4.

Small project with the hope of sorting through all the books that I deal with. The ultimate question to answer is: "Where is x" where x could be a standalone book, a short story, essay, or poem. Here's a short list of Features/To-Do items:

- Also to incorporate multiple readings of all items with ratings, dates, and "review" writing capabilities.
- "Bill of Material"-like capabilities: This story exists within this book. 
- Mapping of author/contributors to books: Roles include author, contributor, translator, editor
- Search by author includes role: Stanley Fish? I don't have any of his books, but he was a contributor to a few.
- Collect some of the general stats expected: How many books by a certain author? How many by a publishing house? How many are translations from various other languages?
- Write own form helper to add the bootstrap-datepicker elements to the forms? Needed for the Readings interface

Commit message:

Updates after testing for Ruby 2.5. No code changes necessary. Note added that we've tested.

README.md, after:

# Bibliophile

## Please note: This is a pet project, hardly ever stable, and may or may not be of any use to anyone other than the creator (and even that is up for debate).

It's the first app I've done on Rails (starting back at Rails 1.0), it's been redone a few times, each with a different focus. Right now it's Rails4.

Small project with the hope of sorting through all the books that I deal with. The ultimate question to answer is: "Where is x" where x could be a standalone book, a short story, essay, or poem. Here's a short list of Features/To-Do items:

- Also to incorporate multiple readings of all items with ratings, dates, and "review" writing capabilities.
- "Bill of Material"-like capabilities: This story exists within this book.
- Mapping of author/contributors to books: Roles include author, contributor, translator, editor
- Search by author includes role: Stanley Fish? I don't have any of his books, but he was a contributor to a few.
- Collect some of the general stats expected: How many books by a certain author? How many by a publishing house? How many are translations from various other languages?
- Write own form helper to add the bootstrap-datepicker elements to the forms? Needed for the Readings interface

## Current State

The project has been tested (in as much as that means anything at all) with Ruby 2.5, as of July, 2019
